PBM-1195 Added endpoint config option to Azure config file (#146)
percona/pbm-docs: docs/reference/configuration-options.md

The name of the storage container. See the  [Container names](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/rest/api/storageservices/naming-and-referencing-containers--blobs--and-metadata#container-names) for naming conventions.

### storage.azure.endpointUrl

*Type*: string <br>
*Required*: NO

> The URL to access the data in Microsoft Azure. The endpoint URL format is `https://<storage-account>.blob.core.windows.net`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The URL to access the data in Microsoft Azure Blob Storage. The default value is `https://<storage-account>.blob.core.windows.net`.
```
